welcome to halo 3 ODST the newest game
in the Halo series but this time master
chief isn't here to save the day you're
a human soldier but not just any soldier
you're an orbital drop shock trooper and
ODST ODSTs dropped behind enemy lines
from miles above the surface of a planet
in this short we follow the journey of
one soldier tarkov from the moment he is
inspired to become a soldier through his
coming of age on the battlefield and as
he becomes a leader our story begins
with a military funeral Bungie halos
developer collaborated with the Academy
award-winning costume designer from
saving private ryan and band of brothers
to design a halo style honor guard
uniform complete with special insignias
and rank displays
legacy the studio behind movie villains
like the alien and terminator use 3d
models created by Bungie to create
accurate replicas of the same weapons
armor and enemies that appear in the
game down to the smallest detail he had
about 30 people working on this for
about two weeks to go from digital files
to full 10 costumes which was a
tremendous effort fortunately we got
some help from Bungie they gave us some
files and from those digital files we of
the rapid prototype included was the
game's newest weapon the silent
submachine gun they also created the
special ODST armor from the shiny new
version right off their assembly line
through the battle-scarred version worn
by the characters in the short with the
same 3d models from the game they
created an actual brute minor one of the
game's main enemies it's facial
expressions were controlled by tiny
motors linked to a remote control the
brute even has its signature spike rifle
paratroopers today use parachutes but
five hundred years from now the
parachute has been replaced by a drop
pod drop pod is a single man method of
insertion so you can think of it almost
as a command prompt this is the way that
ODST is insert into battle they drop in
from orbit and single man pods the doors
blow off and they come out like to
replicate a drop an interior section of
a single pod is built then the visual
effects artists at asylum created a
dizzying freefall view and Compton View
screens to show other ODSTs and the pods
various gauges and controls but some of
the biggest stars of the film were the
various locations the battle scene was
shot at the bottom of a strip mining
coal operation this location served as
the planet where our rookie ODST has his
first drop with some help from the
pyrotechnic crew Asylum created the
intense firefight falling drop pods
Covenant banshees
and of course the climax of tarkov
encounter with the group
for the funeral a military cemetery was
created inside the cooling tower of an
active nuclear power plant just outside
the tower a mud pit an obstacle wall and
a razor wire course were created to
simulate ODST train our drill
instructors actual Hungarian Special
Forces soldiers fired blanks as the
recruits scroll to the razor wire
finally the shoot moved to an abandoned
Soviet aluminum refinery this is the
location of the final battle cross
memorial scene tarkov now older pays his
last respects to a fallen squad mate
then leads his young soldiers into
battle once again we shot one additional
seen on this location which you won't
see in the short in fact you will only
see it here right now
the ODST join them and drop into hell
our feet first
you